JWT public key (#1115)
zowe/docs-site: docs/extend/extend-apiml/api-mediation-security.md

### z/OSMF JSON Web Tokens Support

Your z/OSMF instance can be enabled to support JWT tokens as described at [Enabling JSON Web Token support](https://www.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSLTBW_2.4.0/com.ibm.zos.v2r4.izua300/izuconfig_EnableJSONWebTokens.htm).
In this case, the Zowe API ML uses this JWT token and does not generate its own Zowe JWT token. All the authentication APIs, such as `/api/v1/gateway/login` and `/api/v1/gateway/check` will function in the same way as without z/OSMF JWT.
The `zowe-setup-certificates.sh` stores the z/OSMF JWT public key to the `localhost.keystore.jwtsecret.pem` that can be used for JWT signature validation.

### API ML truststore and keystore

A _keystore_ is a repository of security certificates consisting of either authorization certificates or public key certificates with corresponding private keys (PK), used in TLS encryption. A _keystore_ can be stored in Java specific format (JKS) or use the standard format (PKCS12). The Zowe API ML uses PKCS12 to enable the keystores to be used

> used by other technologies in Zowe (Node.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by other technologies in Zowe (Node.js).
```

**The API ML keystore**

- Server certificate of the Gateway (with PK). This can be signed by the local CA or an external CA.
- Server certificate of the Discovery Service (with PK). This can be signed by the local CA.
- Server certificate of the Catalog (with PK). This can be signed by the local CA.
- Private asymmetric key for the JWT token, alias `jwtsecret`. The public key is exported to the `localhost.keystore.jwtsecret.cer` directory.
- The API ML keystore is used by API ML services.

**The API ML truststore**

- The API ML truststore contains a local CA public certificate.
- Contains an external CA public certificate (optional).
- Can contain self-signed certificates of API Services that are not signed by the local or external CA.
- The API ML truststore is used by API ML services.

**Zowe core services**

- Services can use the same keystore and truststore as API ML for simpler installation and management.
- Alternatively, services can have individual stores for higher security.

**API service keystore** (for each service)

- The API service keystore contains a server and client certificate signed by the local CA.

**API service truststore** (for each service)

> - (Optional) The API service truststor contains a local CA and external CA certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) The API service truststore contains a local CA and external CA certificates.
```

### JWT Token

The JWT secret that signs the JWT Token is an asymmetric private key that is generated during Zowe keystore configuration. The JWT token is signed with the RS256 signature algorithm.

You can find the JWT secret, alias `jwtsecret`, in the PKCS12 keystore that is stored `${KEYSTORE_DIRECTORY}/localhost/localhost.keystore.p12`. The public key necessary to validate the JWT signature is read from the keystore.

For easy access, you can find the public key in the `${KEYSTORE_DIRECTORY}/localhost/localhost.keystore.jwtsecret.pem` file.

> You can also use `/api/v1/gateway/auth/keys/public/all` endpoint to obtain all public keys than can be used to verify JWT tokens signature in a standard [JWK format](https://openid.net/specs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use Gateway `/api/v1/gateway/auth/keys/public/all` endpoint to obtain all public keys that can be used to verify JWT tokens signature in a standard [JWK format](https://openid.net/specs/).
```

Author: Andrew has fixed the "than" type.

bin/apiml_cm.sh --action trust --certificate <path-to-certificate-in-PEM-format> --alias <alias>
```

#### Procedure if the service is not trusted

> You may access a service that is not trusted. This may occur when issuing a REST API request to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you try to access a service with the request similar to:
```
